PRODUTO: NVIDIA Triton Inference Server
CATEGORIA: serving de modelos em produção
URL_FONTE: https://developer.nvidia.com/triton-inference-server
---
Dynamo-Triton Open-Source Software | NVIDIA Developer
Home
Dynamo-Triton
NVIDIA Dynamo-Triton
NVIDIA Dynamo-Triton, formerly NVIDIA Triton Inference Server, enables deployment of AI models across major frameworks, including TensorRT, PyTorch, ONNX, OpenVINO, Python, and RAPIDS FIL.
It delivers high performance with dynamic batching, concurrent execution, and optimized configurations. Dynamo-Triton supports real-time, batched, ensemble, and audio/video streaming workloads and runs on NVIDIA GPUs, non-NVIDIA accelerators, x86, and ARM CPUs.
Open source and compatible with DevOps and MLOps workflows, Dynamo-Triton integrates with Kubernetes for scaling and Prometheus for monitoring. It works across cloud and on-premises AI platforms and, as part of
NVIDIA AI Enterprise
, provides a secure, production-ready environment with stable APIs and support for AI deployment.
For large language model (LLM) use cases, NVIDIA also offers NVIDIA Dynamo, designed for LLM inference and multi-mode deployment. It complements Dynamo-Triton with LLM-specific optimizations such as disaggregated serving, prefix caching, and key-value caching to storage.
Download
Documentation
Forum
Learn How Dynamo-Triton Works
Introductory Resources - Self-Paced Training
Learn anytime, anywhere, with just a computer and an internet connection through our
Deploying a Model for Inference at Production Scale
self-paced course.
Quick-Start Guide
Learn the basics for getting started with Triton Inference Server, including how to create a model repository, launch Triton, and send an inference request.
Get Started
Introductory Blog
Read about how Triton Inference Server helps simplify AI inference in production, the tools that help with Triton deployments, and ecosystem integrations.
Read Blog
Tutorials
Take a deeper dive into some of the concepts in Triton Inference Server, along with examples of deploying a variety of common models.
Get Started
Get Started with Dynamo-Triton
Find
the right license to deploy, run, and scale AI inference for any application on any platform.
Access Code for Development
Triton Inference Server is available as open-source software on GitHub with end-to-end examples.
Access Triton Inference Server’s Repository
Download Containers and Releases
Linux-based Triton Inference Server containers for x86 and Arm® are available on
NVIDIA NGC
™ client libraries as well as binary releases of Triton Inference Server for Windows and NVIDIA Jetson JetPack™ are available on GitHub.
Pull Triton Inference Server From NGC
Download for Windows or Jetson
Purchase NVIDIA AI Enterprise
Purchase NVIDIA AI Enterprise, which includes Triton Inference Server for production inference.
Apply Now for a 90-Day NVIDIA AI Enterprise Evaluation License
Apply to Try Triton Inference Server on NVIDIA LaunchPad
Contact Us to Learn More About Purchasing Triton
Starter Kits
Access technical content on inference topics such as large language models, cloud deployments, and model ensembles.
Large Language Models
Large language models (LLMs) are an increasingly important class of deep learning models, and they require unique features to maximize their acceleration. This kit will take you through features of Triton Inference Server built around LLMs and how to utilize them.
Get Started
Read Deploying a 1.3B GPT-3 Model With NVIDIA NeMo™ Framework
Quickstart Guide: Isaac ROS cuMotion MoveIt Plugin
Quickstart Guide: cuMotion Robot Segmentation
Cloud Deployments
Triton Inference Server includes many features and tools to help deploy deep learning at scale and in the cloud. With this kit, you can explore how to deploy Triton inference Server in different cloud and orchestration environments.
Get Started
Run Multiple AI Models With Amazon SageMaker
Boosting AI Model Inference Performance on Azure Machine Learning
Deploying NVIDIA Triton at Scale With MIG and Kubernetes
One-Click Deployment of NVIDIA Triton Inference Server GKE
Harness the Power of Cloud-Ready AI Inference Solutions
Generate Stunning Images with Stable Diffusion XL
Model Ensembles
Modern deep learning systems often require the use of multiple models in a pipeline and the use of accelerated pre- and post processing steps. Learn how to implement these efficiently in Triton Inference Server with model ensembles and business logic scripting.
Get Started
Serving Machine Learning Model Pipelines on NVIDIA Triton Inference Server With Ensemble Models
Accelerating Inference With NVIDIA Triton Inference Server and NVIDIA DALI
How to Deploy HuggingFace’s Stable Diffusion Pipeline With Triton Inference Server
More Resources
Explore Developer Forums
Accelerate Your Startup
Join the NVIDIA Developer Program
Ethical AI
NVIDIA believes Trustworthy AI is a shared responsibility and we have established policies and practices to enable development for a wide array of AI applications. When downloaded or used in accordance with our terms of service, developers should work with their supporting model team to ensure this model meets requirements for the relevant industry and use case and addresses unforeseen product misuse. Please report security vulnerabilities or NVIDIA AI Concerns
here
.
Get started with Dynamo-Triton today
Download Triton